So well done for getting this
far. Unless of course you just
jumped straight to the
conclusion. That's actually a
pretty good idea.
In conclusion, we’re thinking about
the Principle of Acquaintance.
This is just an interim
conclusion: there's plenty more
that we still need to do around
this topic to deepen our
understanding. But it's worth
saying where we got to so far.
The  broad question that we've been
focused on is
how do your thoughts connect to
the things about which you think
one of the fundamental
characteristics of having the
kind of minds that we have at
least is that we have point of
view on the world? Or if you
like a perspective that involves
are having thoughts, that's to
say emotions like anger or
intentions or belief or
knowledge which concern things
around us which can turn things
around us. But then it's a
question, what is it that makes
that connection between the
thoughts and the thing? We've
seen that Russell's principle of
acquaintance provides a
candidate answer. To that
question, that's one candidate
answer, and we've seen that it
might be possible to justify
accepting the principle of
acquaintance by appealing to the
possibility of massive
reduplication. So those
are the main things that
we have discovered in
these lectures so far.
What should come next? I think
a natural thing is to look at
the possibilities of objections
to Russell's principle of
acquaintance to different way
of thinking that will hopefully
deepen our understanding of the
principle and either make us
more confident and accepting
it, or give us some good
grounds for rejecting it.